README.md, before:

# AWS Solution Architect Tool

Interactive UI tool for AWS Solution Architects to generate CloudFormation templates, architecture diagrams, and cost estimates using **real Strands Agents** and **AWS Core MCP Server** integration.

## 🚀 Features

- **Real Strands Agents Integration**: Uses actual Strands Agents SDK with MCP tool integration
- **AWS Core MCP Server**: Dynamic role-based MCP server orchestration
- **Production-Ready Outputs**: Real CloudFormation templates, architecture diagrams, and cost estimates
- **Role-Based Architecture**: 17 AWS Solution Architect roles with specialized MCP server mappings
- **Parallel Agent Execution**: CloudFormation, diagram, and cost agents run simultaneously

## 🏗️ Architecture

- `/frontend` → React + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS  
- `/backend` → FastAPI + Strands Agents + AWS Core MCP Server  
- `/docs` → product & prompt trackers  
- `/prompts` → evolving prompt strategies  
- `/tests` → automation tests  

## ⚡ Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11+ with AWS credentials configured
- Node.js 18+
- AWS Bedrock access (or Anthropic API key)

### Setup
```bash
# Clone and setup
git clone <repository>
cd solutionbuilder_core

# Windows
run_dev.bat

# Linux/Mac  
./run_dev.sh
```

### Access
- **Frontend**: http://localhost:3000
- **Backend API**: http://localhost:8000
- **API Docs**: http://localhost:8000/docs

## 🔧 Configuration

1. **AWS Credentials**: Configure AWS CLI with Bedrock access
2. **Environment Variables**: Copy `backend/env.example` to `backend/.env` and update
3. **MCP Servers**: Automatically configured based on selected roles

## 📚 Documentation

- **Setup Guide**: [SETUP.md](SETUP.md) - Detailed installation and configuration
- **Strands Agents**: https://strandsagents.com/1.x/
- **Core MCP Server**: https://awslabs.github.io/mcp/servers/core-mcp-server

## 🎯 How It Works

1. **Select Roles**: Choose AWS Solution Architect roles via UI
2. **MCP Orchestration**: Core MCP Server enables relevant MCP servers
3. **Agent Execution**: Strands Agents generate outputs using real AWS data
4. **Export Results**: Download CloudFormation templates, diagrams, and cost estimates

Commit message:

Refactor README and documentation to reflect rebranding to Archai, update features to include three intelligent modes (Brainstorm, Analyze, Generate), and enhance API endpoint descriptions. Adjust setup instructions for MCP server configuration and clarify implementation status in design documents.

README.md, after:

# Archai - AWS Solution Architect Tool

**Archai** is an AI-powered co-architect that helps cloud engineers and architects design, validate, and deploy enterprise-grade AWS solutions at speed. It bridges human intent and cloud automation with intelligence, precision, and trust.

## 🚀 Features

- **Three Intelligent Modes**: 
  - 🧠 **Brainstorm Mode**: Explore AWS services and best practices with AI-powered insights
  - 🔍 **Analyze Mode**: Get comprehensive analysis and intelligent recommendations for your requirements
  - ⚡ **Generate Mode**: Generate deploy-ready CloudFormation templates, architecture diagrams, and cost estimates
- **Real Strands Agents Integration**: Uses actual Strands Agents SDK with MCP tool integration
- **Mode-Based MCP Orchestration**: Automatically selects and configures MCP servers based on selected mode
- **Production-Ready Outputs**: Real CloudFormation templates, architecture diagrams, and cost estimates
- **Intent-Based Analysis**: Intelligent requirements analysis with keyword and intent detection

## 🏗️ Architecture

- `/frontend` → React + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS  
- `/backend` → FastAPI + Strands Agents + AWS Core MCP Server  
- `/docs` → product & prompt trackers  
- `/prompts` → evolving prompt strategies  
- `/tests` → automation tests  

## ⚡ Quick Start

### Prerequisites
- Python 3.11+ with AWS credentials configured
- Node.js 18+
- AWS Bedrock access (or Anthropic API key)

### Setup
```bash
# Clone and setup
git clone <repository>
cd solutionbuilder_core

# Windows
run_dev.bat

# Linux/Mac  
./run_dev.sh
```

### Access
- **Frontend**: http://localhost:3000
- **Backend API**: http://localhost:8000
- **API Docs**: http://localhost:8000/docs

## 🔧 Configuration

1. **AWS Credentials**: Configure AWS CLI with Bedrock access
2. **Environment Variables**: Copy `backend/env.example` to `backend/.env` and update
3. **MCP Servers**: Automatically configured based on selected mode (see `backend/config/mode_servers.json`)

## 📚 Documentation

- **Setup Guide**: [SETUP.md](SETUP.md) - Detailed installation and configuration
- **Strands Agents**: https://strandsagents.com/1.x/
- **Core MCP Server**: https://awslabs.github.io/mcp/servers/core-mcp-server

## 🎯 How It Works

1. **Select Mode**: Choose from Brainstorm, Analyze, or Generate mode
2. **MCP Orchestration**: System automatically selects and configures relevant MCP servers based on mode
3. **Agent Execution**: Strands Agents generate outputs using real AWS data and documentation
4. **Export Results**: Download CloudFormation templates, diagrams, and cost estimates

## 📡 API Endpoints

- `POST /brainstorm` - AWS knowledge access for brainstorming
- `POST /analyze-requirements` - Enhanced requirements analysis
- `POST /generate` - Generate CloudFormation templates, diagrams, and cost estimates
- `POST /follow-up` - Handle follow-up questions with context
- `GET /health` - Health check endpoint
